Les ingénieurs modernes ne respectent plus rien ! Si on les laissait faire,
ils combleraient les mers avec les montagnes et notre globe ne serait qu'une
boule lisse et polie comme un œuf d'autruche, convenablement disposée pour
l’établissement des chemins de fer.

Modern engineers have no respect for anything anymore! Were they let free to
act, they would fill in the seas with the mountains and our globe would then
be nothing more than a ball, smooth and polished like an ostrich egg,
conveniently set up for the establishment of railway lines

	-- Jules Verne
	(L'Invasion de la mer, 1905)
%
I am going to write the spy story to end all spy stories.

	-- Ian Fleming
	(Allegedly said to a friend in 1944)
%
Mankind is so fallen that no man can be trusted with unchecked power over his
fellows. Aristotle said that some people were only fit to be slaves. I do not
contradict him. But I reject slavery because I see no men fit to be masters.

	-- C. S. Lewis
	("Equality" essay, The Spectator, 27th of August 1943)
%
 For spiritual nature, like bodily nature, will be served -- deny it food
 and it will gobble poison.

	-- C. S. Lewis
	("Equality" essay, The Spectator, 27th of August 1943)
%
He asked for "italic small caps," but there simply hadn't been any historically
-- or there hadn't been until the digital age -- so it didn't really seem worth
doing them. But I couldn't find an answer out of the argument, the semantic
argument "What do you do if?" except to draw them. And the result is something
I would never have thought to do myself, which is now my favorite part of
the typeface -- the italic small caps.

	-- Jonathan Hoefler, recounting a discussion with an Apple engineer
	("Design Dialogues", Steven Heller, 1998)
%
You can say, ‘I love you,’ in Helvetica.
And you can say it with Helvetica Extra Light if you want to be really fancy.

	-- Massimo Vignelli ("Helvetica", 2007)
%
Makela gave us an assignment and over the weekend I designed the whole
typeface. I wasn’t even on drugs.

	-- Harriet Goren, about the creation of "Morire"
	   ("The Rise And Fall Of Grunge Typography", Saran Shetty, The Awl,
	    August 12, 2012)